Lexa Rao (They/She): Hello! Thank you so much, Professor!
Lexa Rao (They/She): For getting the chance to join my video. So today, I wanted to show you my Unity project. This is my Unity project. I'm pulling it up to you in Unity, so you can see the debugger, you can see the assets, the game.
Lexa Rao (They/She): I'm going to show you me playing the first level. Thank you so much for taking the time to listen to my game, and please let me know if you have any questions.
Lexa Rao (They/She): Hang on a second, while I make sure the audio is on. So the audio should be being shared.
Lexa Rao (They/She): And… Everything's good.
Lexa Rao (They/She): Alright.
Lexa Rao (They/She): Let's go.
Lexa Rao (They/She): the game, this is the menu, this is this selection where you can select which direction you want to go, and these are the game stats. I also have a top score and the lives counter. I'm gonna show you a few portions of the game. Hold on a second.
Lexa Rao (They/She): As it's compiling.
Lexa Rao (They/She): dots.
Lexa Rao (They/She): is…
Lexa Rao (They/She): or options?
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): There you go see, boy.
Lexa Rao (They/She): notice.
Lexa Rao (They/She): Below the.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): For sure.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): Why?
Lexa Rao (They/She): is we're gonna go.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): in the.
Lexa Rao (They/She): even you.
Lexa Rao (They/She): You see…
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): the main menu of the game. This is level 1. We just want it, and we're gonna go to level 1, and we're gonna.
Lexa Rao (They/She): play again.
Lexa Rao (They/She): But the craft itself.
Lexa Rao (They/She): in your favor.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): sex.
Lexa Rao (They/She): level.
Lexa Rao (They/She): Then there's other levels that are there.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): Correct, as well.
Lexa Rao (They/She): towards Ann.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): The harder it plays, the harder it must be Actually, go down.
Lexa Rao (They/She): I'm…
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): On the object itself.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): And you won.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): on the screen.
Lexa Rao (They/She): All objects will cause you to lose percentage of lives, because
Lexa Rao (They/She): It might not be interacting directly with the character. Other variables depend, but then you have to play again in order to win the level.
Lexa Rao (They/She): Wing, win.
Lexa Rao (They/She): Indeed.
Lexa Rao (They/She): gets worse.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): Cool!
Lexa Rao (They/She): Let's avoid all costs.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): And when you win, it looks like this. Now when we go into the.
Lexa Rao (They/She): menu.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): You will see.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): And the second level is unblocked, so we can go into it.
Lexa Rao (They/She): on…
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): As he jumps, exit out of the game and want to go to the next level.
Lexa Rao (They/She): Then what will happen?
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): Easy saves.
Lexa Rao (They/She): industrial
Lexa Rao (They/She): 10 level.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): It's a lot.
Lexa Rao (They/She): started, though.
Audio shared by Lexa Rao (They/She): The game saved our progress, and we can come back to it in the future.
Lexa Rao (They/She): So we go into it, like, in the future, on a future visit at the game.
Lexa Rao (They/She): Excuse me.
Lexa Rao (They/She): That's game.
Lexa Rao (They/She): as well.
Lexa Rao (They/She): Yeah, that is the game.
Lexa Rao (They/She): I am glad you got the chance to look over at Professor Dan. Please let me know if you have any questions about the UI, about the different aspects of the game, about the process of descending into the Deep Blue.
Lexa Rao (They/She): There are all sorts of hidden levels, and there's explanations within the description. There's different things that happen throughout the plot of the game, so there's a story, there's an arc, there's antagonists, there's protagonists.
Lexa Rao (They/She): And they all appear to certain levels of extent in the game, and you have to fight the,
Lexa Rao (They/She): Antagonists and protagonists within the boss level.
Lexa Rao (They/She): And that is interesting, and if you have any questions, I'll be… feel…
Lexa Rao (They/She): free to ask them, and I'll be sure to answer them. Thank you so much for watching the game, and looking over the actual video, and I look forward to answering any of your questions. Have a nice rest of your day, and goodbye.
Lexa Rao (They/She): And safe travels.